examples/bioinformatics/README.md, before:

## Bioinformatics example

### Bioinformatics: Genetic Modularity
- Concept: Model codon sequences or gene expression patterns using modular residue behavior.
- MOMA Angle: Use dynamic origins to simulate mutation drift or modular symmetry in DNA triplets.

### Goal
Model codon sequences (triplets of nucleotides) as modular residues and explore how origin drift and entropy pulses can simulate mutation patterns, evolutionary divergence, or species-specific codon bias.


### Core Concepts

| Biological Concept       | MOMA Analog                        |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------|
| Codon (e.g. "ATG")       | Modular triplet (base-4 or base-64)|
| Mutation drift           | Origin drift / barycentric motion  |
| Codon bias               | Composite mass / entropy scoring   |
| Genetic entropy          | Entropy pulses / modular inertia   |
| Sequence alignment       | Phase alignment / resonance        |


### Codon Encoding
- Maps each codon to a numeric value:
  - Base-4: A=0, C=1, G=2, T=3 → "ATG" = (0,3,2)
  - Or base-64 if we want to treat triplets as single units

Commit message:

mass update and renaming of modules

examples/bioinformatics/README.md, after:

# Example: MOMA for Bioinformatics

This example demonstrates a creative application of the MOMA framework to bioinformatics. It explores the idea of mapping abstract mathematical patterns derived from prime numbers to concrete biological events, such as genetic mutations, within a simulated chaotic environment.

## Concepts Demonstrated

* **Interdisciplinary Application**: Bridging number theory (MOMA) and bioinformatics.
* **Event Simulation**: Using a numeric MOMA signature to determine the location of a simulated point mutation in a DNA sequence.
* **Mutation Analysis**: Classifying the effect of each mutation (Silent, Missense, or Nonsense) based on the standard genetic code.
* **Entropy Pulses**: Tracking the Shannon entropy of recent signatures to model environmental chaos. A spike in entropy is treated as a "chaotic event" or "entropy pulse," simulating a stressor that might increase mutation rates.
* **Data Visualization**: Using the `plotters` crate to create a heatmap of the generated signatures, providing a unique look at the structure of the chosen MOMA strategy.

## How to Run

First, ensure you have the `plotters` dependency in your main `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
plotters = "0.3.5"
```
When you run the simulation it will print out each structure-forming event and any subsequent chaotic eras that are triggered, and will provide a final summary report.
